Add docs for short circuiting (#29110)
dotnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/fundamentals/middleware/index.md

>
> <xref:Microsoft.AspNetCore.Http.HttpResponse.HasStarted%2A> is a useful hint to indicate if headers have been sent or the body has been written to.

### Short-circuit after routing

> When the routing middleware matches an endpoint, it typically lets the rest of the middleware pipeline run before invoking the endpoint logic. Services can reduce resource usage and log noise by filtering out known requests early in the pipeline. Use the <xref:Microsoft.AspNetCore.Builder.RouteShortCircuitEndpointConventionBuilderExtensions.ShortCircuit%2A> extension method to cause routing to invoke the endpoint logic immediately and then end the request. For example, a given endpoint might not need to go through authentication or CORS middleware. The following example short-circuits requests that match the `/short-circuit` route:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the routing middleware matches an endpoint, it typically lets the rest of the middleware pipeline run before invoking the endpoint logic. Services can reduce resource usage  by filtering out known requests early in the pipeline. Use the <xref:Microsoft.AspNetCore.Builder.RouteShortCircuitEndpointConventionBuilderExtensions.ShortCircuit%2A> extension method to cause routing to invoke the endpoint logic immediately and then end the request. For example, a given endpoint might not need to go through authentication or CORS middleware. The following example short-circuits requests that match the `/short-circuit` route:
```

> When the routing middleware matches an endpoint, it typically lets the rest of the middleware pipeline run before invoking the endpoint logic. Services can reduce resource usage and log noise by filtering out known requests early in the pipeline. Use the <xref:Microsoft.AspNetCore.Builder.RouteShortCircuitEndpointConventionBuilderExtensions.ShortCircuit%2A> extension method to cause routing to invoke the endpoint logic immediately and then end the request. For example, a given endpoint might not need to go through authentication or CORS middleware. The following example short-circuits requests that match the `/short-circuit` route:

Reviewer: What is `log noise`? Maybe explain that in another sentence. I can't imagine the MT will be great on that.

Author: deleted

:::code language="csharp" source="~/fundamentals/middleware/index/snapshot/Program80ShortCircuit.cs" id="mapget":::

The <xref:Microsoft.AspNetCore.Builder.RouteShortCircuitEndpointConventionBuilderExtensions.ShortCircuit(Microsoft.AspNetCore.Builder.IEndpointConventionBuilder,System.Nullable{System.Int32})> method can optionally take a status code.

> Use the <xref:Microsoft.AspNetCore.Routing.RouteShortCircuitEndpointRouteBuilderExtensions.MapShortCircuit%2A> method to set up short-circuiting for multiple routes as once, by passing to it a params array of URL prefixes. For example, browsers and bots often probe servers for well known paths like `robots.txt` or `favicon.ico`. If the app doesn't have those files, one line of code can configure both routes:

Reviewer: as once?

Reviewer: Someplace tell them they can add `, "Microsoft.AspNetCore.HttpLogging.HttpLoggingMiddleware": "Information"`

to appsettings.Development.json  and run the app. Then remove the short circuit and compare.

Might be worth displaying the appsettings.Development.json file with that line highlighted.

> Use the <xref:Microsoft.AspNetCore.Routing.RouteShortCircuitEndpointRouteBuilderExtensions.MapShortCircuit%2A> method to set up short-circuiting for multiple routes as once, by passing to it a params array of URL prefixes. For example, browsers and bots often probe servers for well known paths like `robots.txt` or `favicon.ico`. If the app doesn't have those files, one line of code can configure both routes:

Author: ```suggestion
Use the <xref:Microsoft.AspNetCore.Routing.RouteShortCircuitEndpointRouteBuilderExtensions.MapShortCircuit%2A> method to set up short-circuiting for multiple routes at once, by passing to it a params array of URL prefixes. For example, browsers and bots often probe servers for well known paths like `robots.txt` or `favicon.ico`. If the app doesn't have those files, one line of code can configure both routes:
```

:::code language="csharp" source="~/fundamentals/middleware/index/snapshot/Program80ShortCircuit.cs" id="mapshortcircuit":::

`MapShortCircuit` returns <xref:Microsoft.AspNetCore.Builder.IEndpointConventionBuilder> so that additional route constraints like host filtering can be added to it.

> Any middleware that is in the pipeline before routing isn't short-circuited, and short-circuiting is disallowed for endpoints that have `[Authorize]` and `[RequireCors]` metadata.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Middleware that can't be short-circuited

* Middleware that is in the pipeline before routing.
* Endpoints that have `[Authorize]` and `[RequireCors]` metadata.
```

> Any middleware that is in the pipeline before routing isn't short-circuited, and short-circuiting is disallowed for endpoints that have `[Authorize]` and `[RequireCors]` metadata.

Reviewer: This is really important. Give it more SEO, easier to parse, one concept per line.

>
> <xref:Microsoft.AspNetCore.Http.HttpResponse.HasStarted%2A> is a useful hint to indicate if headers have been sent or the body has been written to.

> ### Short-circuit after routing

Reviewer 2: This is a routing feature, not a middleware feature. Let's move it to the routing doc.
https://review.learn.microsoft.com/en-us/aspnet/core/fundamentals/routing?view=aspnetcore-8.0&branch=pr-en-us-29110#configure-endpoint-metadata
https://review.learn.microsoft.com/en-us/aspnet/core/fundamentals/routing?view=aspnetcore-8.0&branch=pr-en-us-29110#performance-guidance-for-routing

:::code language="csharp" source="~/fundamentals/middleware/index/snapshot/Program80ShortCircuit.cs" id="mapget":::

The <xref:Microsoft.AspNetCore.Builder.RouteShortCircuitEndpointConventionBuilderExtensions.ShortCircuit(Microsoft.AspNetCore.Builder.IEndpointConventionBuilder,System.Nullable{System.Int32})> method can optionally take a status code.

Use the <xref:Microsoft.AspNetCore.Routing.RouteShortCircuitEndpointRouteBuilderExtensions.MapShortCircuit%2A> method to set up short-circuiting for multiple routes at once, by passing to it a params array of URL prefixes. For example, browsers and bots often probe servers for well known paths like `robots.txt` or `favicon.ico`. If the app doesn't have those files, one line of code can configure both routes:

:::code language="csharp" source="~/fundamentals/middleware/index/snapshot/Program80ShortCircuit.cs" id="mapshortcircuit":::

`MapShortCircuit` returns <xref:Microsoft.AspNetCore.Builder.IEndpointConventionBuilder> so that additional route constraints like host filtering can be added to it.

> The `ShortCircuit` and `MapShortCircuit` methods don't short-circuit:

Reviewer: Wasn't that supposed to be auth annotations, etc?

Author: ```suggestion
The `ShortCircuit` and `MapShortCircuit` methods don't short-circuit in the following scenarios:
```

> The `ShortCircuit` and `MapShortCircuit` methods don't short-circuit in the following scenarios:
> 
> * Middleware that is in the pipeline before routing.
> * Endpoints that have `[Authorize]` or `[RequireCors]` metadata.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `ShortCircuit` and `MapShortCircuit` methods do not affect middleware placed before UseRouting. Trying to use these methods with endpoints that also use `[Authorize]` or `[RequireCors]` metadata will cause requests to fail with an InvalidOperationException.
```
https://github.com/dotnet/aspnetcore/blob/b2ce346ba0112585a2c8a3a6cb73753621326779/src/Http/Routing/src/EndpointRoutingMiddleware.cs#LL257C19-L257C44

> * Endpoints that have `[Authorize]` or `[RequireCors]` metadata.

Author: @Kahbazi 

>applied by `[Authorize]`, `[RequireCors]` attributes

There is no RequireCors attribute - I assume you meant `[EnableCors]` attribute?
